---
layout: page
status: publish
published: true
title: 25 lessons at age 25
date: '2014-10-08 04:57:38 -0700'
date_gmt: '2014-10-08 04:57:38 -0700'
categories: [learnings]
tags: [learnings]
---
<p>Previously I read a 25 lessons I learned by age 25 and I thought it was pretty interesting, so it's time that I wrote my own. The previous year was an amazing year of growth and learnings for me so I figured now would be a good time to write the article. Also, I want to have something to look back on when I turn 26, to see that I've actually lived up to the lessons that I learned.</p>
<p>So I spent my birthday playing video games the entire day. It was pretty amazing. I was playing Final Fantasy X HD Remaster on PS3, and I ordered myself some boba via Postmates. Life is good. The numbering will be arbitrary, but maybe I'll edit it to link the ideas. I've been thinking about the 25 things for awhile now, not sure if I'll actually have 25 things.</p>
<p>1. You always get what you want</p>
<p>I think I learned this lesson since my high school life or since university life. So, in High School, it was my dream to go into Software Engineering at the University of Waterloo. My average grades in High School was 85%~90% prior to my final year. All my family and everyone was telling me to have a back-up plan, because with my grades it wasn't guaranteed to get in. For some reason, I just knew that I would get in. So you get 3 university applications (you buy 3 applications for $100) and then afterwards each application is $33 or so. I only applied to three Universities and they were all top tier and really hard to get into. My dad made me apply to a crappier one as my 4th application because you know - I might fail. Turns out I got into my #1 choice. I got what I wanted.</p>
<p>Once I started Software Engineering at the University of Waterloo... life was a different story. Reality was different from my dream. I hated Software Engineering. I didn't enjoy it because we had no electives and we had to take a bunch of useless courses*. I really wanted to transfer to Computer Science. I knew that my parents would object though. In their eyes, an "Engineering" program had much more prestige than Computer Science. I kind told them that I wanted to switch and they were filled with disappointment &#47; encouragement. 'You can totally do Software Engineering... You are so smart'. Life was miserable. I skipped a lot of classes and then I failed out of Software Engineering. Well... I could've stayed in Software Engineering, but I would have to repeat a year. There was the way, I could finally switch to Computer Science. I got what I wanted. Albeit, in a stupid roundabout way. It's really interesting, because the course I failed wasn't really hard... and it was a core math course so I had to retake it.</p>
<p>2. Be Selfish</p>
<p>Growing up I always had to live up to my parent's expectations. I wasn't really living the life that I wanted for myself. I guess as a result of my upbringing.. or whatever I was living life like a bitch. I would put other people before myself almost all the time and life would suck. I had so many obligations and people were taking so much of my time. I guess I didn't draw the line. I live selfishly now. I do put others before myself occasionally, but it's very much a conscious choice. I don't just help others at my expense all the time like before. I care about myself more than having others like me or whatever.</p>
<p>3. Give value to people &#47; society</p>
<p>I guess to sort of counteract my previous point to be selfish. It's important to always be giving or creating value for society and people in your life. I try to give a positive influence to everyone that I hang out with. Whether it's in the form encouragement, knowledge, or just feedback. I do a lot of side projects - the goal isn't to make lots of money, but to make society a better place. I think the financial rewards will always come as a side effect of giving value. At my first full time job...</p>
<p>4. Always ask. It never hurts to ask</p>
<p>When you don't ask... you're only hurting yourself. Whether it's for something you want, or just for knowledge or feedback. I wanted to get a raise in my previous job, but I was really scared to ask. For some reason I kept thinking I'd get fired or yelled at for asking to get a raise. I think my fear of asking is probably from my upbringing. Yeah... I like to blame everything on that. Sometimes when I asked for things, permission as a kid my parents would yell at me. :( Fortunately, no one yells at you for asking in real life or adult life.</p>
<p>5. Don't complain - Go and get what you deserve</p>
<p>I guess this is really similar to #1 - you always get what you want. I really wanted a raise because I was being underpaid massively relative to market and my abilities. Dollar compounds, and all the dollars that I'm missing out on now is like... multiples of it. So I asked for a raise and my company said that it wasn't possible. I've been listening to motivational videos recently, and there's this phrase that pops up in the videos a lot. If you know what you're worth - go out and get what you're worth. I could've stayed at my old company and complain. Instead I took action. I actually just quit without any job offers in hand. I knew what I was worth on the market and I was confident in my abilities. It worked out great and life is good.</p>
<p>6. Believe in yourself. Don't believe in other's who believe in you. Believe in you who believes in you. *Gurren Lagann*. You need to believe in yourself before others will.</p>
<p>The most important belief you can have is belief in yourself. I now subscribe to the belief of 'There's nothing that I can't handle'. Before you can succeed in anything you have to believe in yourself. I think cultivating the unshakable faith in your own abilities is more important than any form of education.</p>
<p>7. The world is a reflection of what you want</p>
<p>What I'm trying to say is that depending on your outlook - events can be interpreted in different ways. There's most likely two parts to this that I want to write about. One is some psychology thing about you see what you're looking for. Let's say you recently bought a red VW Jetta. All of a sudden, you'll notice many red VW Jetta's on the road and in the parking lot. Because that's what you're looking for now. The other side of this is you focus on what you want to see. For example, my mother tends to think that everyone is out to get her. (I think I inherited this belief for a long time... now when it happens I consciously override that bad behavior). So whenever anything bad happens to her - it's the world out to get her. Whenever I spent time with her, she always tells me about her most recent mishaps. Which makes me sad for her, because her way of thinking is messing her up.</p>
<p>The other side of this is you can interpret events in different ways. Say for example someone criticized your work. In my field it would be the code that I've written. For me, I always think of it as an amazing learning opportunity because they can spot flaws and weaknesses in my code which means I can become a better Software Engineer. But if I were thinking about in a negative way, I could interpret it as they are out to get me and make me look bad. Or, I'm just a really bad coder who writes bad code or whatever. =&#47;</p>
<p>8. The universe doesn't give a shit about you</p>
<p>As previously mentioned my mother thinks the whole world is out to get her. It's her vs the world. This one is pretty self explanatory I guess. There isn't a supernatural force that is either helping you or screwing you over. Sometimes thing just happen - there doesn't necessarily need to be a cause.</p>
<p>9. Meditation. You need to do it.</p>
<p>I started to meditate for the past year or so. It's been an amazing experience. I meditate at least 5 times a week, for 1 ~ 20 minutes. Even one minute of meditation helps. I recently attended a meditation talk... and meditation is basically like mental floss. It calms the mind and helps you out in so many areas of your life.</p>
<p>10. Average speed is the most important. Habits make you.</p>
<p>So as part of my workout, I typically run ~20 minutes and ~2 miles. I like to do interval training because it gives you the most cardio workout. But looking at the distance ran, I would be able to run so much more running at a constant higher pace vs my high interval followed by a much slower recovery speed. Similarly, what we do on a day to day basis affect us much more than one small thing.</p>
<p>11. Read some books</p>
<p>I think I read close to a book a month now. I actually read multiple ongoing books now. I'm currently reading this programming book on refactoring and another book on thinking big and taking action. I think reading books is really similar to meditation in a sense that you get so much benefit. I think of reading book as mind exercise and reading books has helped me reduce some of my bad habits and help me establish better habits.</p>
<p>12. Exercise yo</p>
<p>Lucky for me, my exercise habit is already well trained. I currently go to the gym twice a week in addition to doing yoga, and spin once a week. Yoga and spin are scheduled classes and all I have to do is show up and then the rest takes care of itself. Sometimes when I skip workouts, I find that my energy level is just shittier. So exercise, it makes you work better.</p>
<p>13. Be thankful. Even for the normal day things.</p>
<p>I got really really sick last Christmas. I felt like utter shit. It's caused me to appreciate the times when I'm healthy. Now when I'm healthy I think - wow life is good. I'm healthy. Now I can work on coding&#47;exercising&#47;my side projects. On a similar vein, I recently injured myself doing weights, and I'm just thankful that I'm healthy now - so I can go back and start exercising again. I get to do all the things that I want to - because I'm healthy and well.</p>
<p>14. Sometimes it's just luck. Think of statistics.</p>
<p>I read some books on statistics and some typical logical thinking possibilities. I used to think I was really unlucky and that Murphy's law applied to me in every situation. So I recently lost two pairs of workout gloves. Actually, I lost two singular work out gloves. It happened to be both my left hands. So I had to buy a new pair because I had 2 right hand gloves. Why didn't I lose one left and one right, then I could mix and match and not need to buy a pair. Well, the sample size is small. It could be that I'm just lucky.</p>
<p>15. Live the life you want for yourself</p>
<p>I think this is similar to being selfish. But it's important to live the way you want for yourself. My cousin who is 4 years older than me recently got married and had a kid. The expectation is for me to do the same and soon. It's not something that I want right now.. or probably in 4 years. So I recently entered the >$100k salary range. At some point... I think I wanted to make $100k per year because one of my mentors in my coop work term mentioned that making >$100k by age 25 was the dream. I guess I took his dream onto my own... I think at some point in the future I'll become a coffee barista and people will be like WTF. Why are you leaving your $100k year job to become a coffee barista. You should only do things you're truly passionate about. Not because a book&#47;society&#47;people told you to.</p>
<p>16. Measure success by effort</p>
<p>Measuring success by results is hard - because a lot of the times results are outside of your control. Take job interviewing for example you could prepare for technical questions and what not and then the guy could probably not like your face and reject you for the position. The important thing is to realize which things are outside of your control and not worry about it.</p>
<p>17. You are what you feel like</p>
<p>Sometimes when I'm at the gym... I just feel lazy and weak. And as a result - light weights that I should be capable of lifting feels like a ton. On other days, I feel great and I can run crazy fast for crazy long.</p>
<p>18. Don't worry about shit until it happens</p>
<p>You know... sometimes I'm worried that I'll go hungry. Or that I'll become homeless. But honestly, I'm so far removed from those situations. And if for some reason all my savings evaporated, and all my friends disappeared. I can handle it, because I believe in myself. But there's no point in worrying about being homeless until it happens.</p>
<p>19. Realize that you're making excuses. Just do it.</p>
<p>I never feel like working on my side projects on a weekday because I'm always tired from work. <-- That's an excuse. Even though I'm tired, I can still work on other things, either by reading relevant materials, or by writing easy code &#47; material. I'm getting a lot better on consciously catching myself making bullshit excuses on either doing&#47;not doing things. I'll just have the cheesecake, because I exercised last week. <-- Excuses. Just recognize your excuses and either accept it or do it. But it's important to realize it's happening. Once you recognize your excuses, once in a while you'll overcome it. And then you get better at overcoming your excuses.</p>
<p>20. Plan your day&#47;week. Productivity goes way up</p>
<p>I started planning my next day around a year ago. I would basically jot down the big things that I want to get done. For work it would be getting a feature in PR, or random tasks like doing laundry and cleaning apartments. I make sure the list is small (no eating dinner cause that's a given) and somewhat temporally ordered and I pretty much always make it happen.</p>
<p>21. Be skeptical of advice - especially when they have no expertise</p>
<p>For the longest time I had slightly bad posture, my shoulders would be rounded forward a bit from too much sitting &#47; playing video games. My dad told me to do pushups and that would help it. Turns out the opposite was true. What happens is push ups strengthen your chest muscles which causes it to become tighter relative to your back. So... it actually made my shoulders round more. What I needed to do was to train my back, to pull my shoulders back. And do more stretches.</p>
<p>When your yoga instructor teaches you yoga... listen. But when your yoga instructor gives you financial advice then... that's probably a bad idea. My family gives me so much advice - but they have no idea what I want. I feel like the advice they give is just advice they received or that they want me to do. It doesn't actually benefit me in any way. It hurts my brain listening to their advice so much that now I just try to avoid my family. Whenever I talk to my family, they give me advice. It's useless and detrimental advice for the most part. My step mother suggested that I buy insurance as a form of long term investment because there's this weird form of investment where they just hold onto a wad of your cash and you get insured. =| [ Insurance is logically speaking always a bad idea. Never buy that extended warranty at best buy - you are mathematically guaranteed to be losing money ]</p>
<p>22. Always push yourself - but recognize your limits</p>
<p>I want to be a programming god. I also want to run a sub 5 minute mile and do a triathalon. I want to be able to eat all the foods and drink boba everyday. I want to play video games and watch anime all the time. Sadly, I can't do all of those things... at least not all of them. There's only so many hours in a day and you'll always want to do more with your time. But it's important to prioritize and recognize the your own limits.</p>
<p>23. Buy less crap</p>
<p>I really want another pair of headphones. But then I realized I already have 4 pairs of good headphones in addition to 3 pairs of earphones of mediocre quality. I've been reading books on minimalism and I can totally see where it's coming from. When you have too much stuff, it weighs you down. Living in San Francisco and getting a new job... I'm tempted to move. But then I have so much stuff. I don't feel like moving. Now the stuff is weighing me down and preventing me from moving. Well, it not stopping it from happening, but it's making life harder. The more shit that I buy... the harder it'll be more me to move eventually. There's so much shit I want to buy... at the same time I gotta make sure it gets used. My ATH-AD700 are just sitting in my work desk being a decoration...</p>
<p>24. Don't quit or give up before it's over</p>
<p>I have a tendency to be negative and give up before it's over. This manifests itself when I play Starcraft II or Dota. Or even Street Fighter. I don't know why, but I give up before it's over. And it's horrible. I recognize it now.. and I keep trying. Like in my FFX binge... I was down to one character, against Seymour with his double cast. And I was about to give up... but then I was like - it's still possible. And I recovered and kicked Seymour's ass.</p>
<p>25. It's never too late &#47; don't wait for the right time</p>
<p>It's never too late to start to do something - to try and do something. You shouldn't have to wait for the right time, or the right opportunity. Just start, and do shit. And keep trying, and keep working. It's never to late ~ start now.</p>
