---
layout: post
lang: "en"
title: "jpop instructor said i was pro"
date:  2016-11-15 17:30:28
categories: [daily]
---
Okay. The title might be a little big misleading. Today after jpop class in the shower room. I was walking back after showering and then the jpop dance instructor stops me to say something. At first it was like... Dafaq man... I'm not used to conversing with other people with their dick's out. But in Japan it's totally normal. Like.. the change room is just dicks everywhere. People don't cover up shit. Okay. Back to the story. He stops me and I'm like oh shit. I won't understand anything since my Japanese is bad. But I actually understood. My interpretation of what he said was that he was surprised by how quickly I got the moves and the fact that I could totally keep up. Cause most people don't struggle to remember all the moves and do them on time... and I was pretty happy. :D I was just like domo. domo. and then left.

Too jokes. Special shoutout to Amber / D who trained me. And other people in SF who trained me / trained with me. That was one of the highlights of the day. Lol.

The other thing is... I just submitted my first android app on the android store. Woot. Woot. Sigh. It's been a long time. It's a really simple app too. I mainly did it just for fun and as a warm up. And fucking bullshit google sent me an email saying I failed the content screenings about profanity. Fuck. Fucking bullshit. So they have this questionaire that you fill out and I must've defaulted to no. Cause was a series of yes/no questions and it started with does your app have porn. Does your app have copyright shit. So I just default checked no for everything. Fucking... if they are actually going to human screen everything... why even have you fucking fill out the form in the first place. That's literally wasted work. Whatever. Won't somebody think of the chlldren? I've been watching more standup on netflix... and I think I'm just old now. Like... when you watch comedians like Brent Morrin Or Louis CK. It's like. Fucking. Go fuck yourself. Or like motherfucking dick sucking bastard. Or something like that. 

I'm totally densensitized to all forms of profanity. Well... personally I find that it does add certain... color to the conversation. Or impact. In my app... there was two instances of the f word. One was "I steer the motherfucking ship". And the other was "Fuck rules and norms". And in both cases... I do think that the profanity adds to the value of what I'm trying to say. I don't just steer the ship. I steer the motherfucking ship. Bitch. Other people drift in the ocean while I steer the motherfucking ship. Actually, I stole that from Steve. But Steve is super cool and I don't think he'd mind.

I've been playing Persona 5. And I'm understanding like... 85% of it. Holy shit. Like. Damn. I'm so much better than I imagined. It's like... crazy. I'm in a pretty good place right now. So after the play store approves my app. I'll start working on the iOS port. I actually think that'll probably only take 2 weeks. Since I know what the final product looks like... it should be much more straightforward to build. Check out my persona 5 gameplay [here](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcLDVqlFQdAdFdB5vQStlQQ).

Well. Life is good. I'm probably too lazy to translate manually this post to chinese and japanese. The thing is... even though I'm fluent in Chinese... it takes me a good 10 minutes to translate. Well. It took me about 10 minutes to write this... it'll actually take me 20 minutes to translate it to chinese. Hmmm. My mandarin profanity level is also pretty low. So that's lame. For now I'll probably exclude the chinese and just focus on english / japanese. Japanese is still via google translate. But I now have the ability to read everything in like 10 minutes. Which makes me feel like a total badass.
