---
layout: post
title: "thankful"
date:  2015-05-30 22:27:45
categories: [weekly, thankful]
---
I recently planned on daily posts on my blog. Saturdays will be dedicated to writing about things I"m thankful for. A bunch of happiness books / ted talks about how being thankful and appreciating what you have makes you a happeier person. So I guess the thankful series is a way for me to try and be happier by being more thankful.

I started off the day being woken up by an amazon delivery. I'm grateful that I live in America, and specifically San Francisco. Amazon prime makes life so convenient. I got floss, conditioner and socks delivered to my doorstep. And for a cheaper price I would've paid for if I still had to buy it myself in Canada. America is a pretty sweet place to be living in.

I'm thankful that I don't have to worry about my meals. I woke up and I could've ordered food with postmates / eat24 / walked to chinatown. I just cooked something today and it was simple and delicious. I made pasta with chicken. I'm thankful that the internet has made television so accessible. I marathon watched Silicon Valley. I'm up to the end of season 2 with only one episode left. Silicon Valley is so funny... because there's actually so much... truth in the show. Bro is such a joke app. But then we had Yo... which had funding. And last year... I actually used yo so much because it was hilarious.

I got the platinum trophy for FFX today. I was just bored and felt like completing it. Paid Yojimbo 200k to Zanmato the uber aeon for me because I couldn't be bothered to beat him legitimately. I'm thankful that I have my dream home almost. The only thing missing from my current place is a gym inside the building. And laundry. But everything else is pretty perfect and I'm thankful for what I gots.

**tl;dr - I'm thankful for amazon, tasty food, and having video games in my life**
