---
layout: post
title: "sleepy"
date:  2016-03-26 21:26:41
categories: [weekly, thankful]
---
This is just a placeholder for saturday. I'm gonna sleep at 9:30PM. I'm thankful that I get to sleep now. Sleep is the shit.

Today was a typical sunday. But at the same time it was way different and for that I'm thankful. Work has been crazy. And now that I'm on the 6 day workweek... Sunday has just been recovery days for me. But I still managed to get all the things that I needed to get done. So I'm thankful for the habits that I've cultivated.

I'm thankful that laundry is only 2 blocks away. It use to be zero blocks... and I totally took it for granted. Now I'm kinda use to it though... it felt easier today than normal despite the fact that I'm so outta it. I'm thankful that I have a grocery store that's 2 blocks away. I actually bought my own milk today.

I'm thankful that I can get costco delivered. It's happening tomorrow. I'm thankful that I get to work from home tomorrow while waiting for groceries to get delivered.

I gotta start calculating my uh... malaria and whatever vaccine that I gotta start eating in early April. Wow. It's almost april. I've been hella lazy recently... but even in my lazy state I think I've been to the gym at least twice a week. So my death mode is still higher than most people and I'm thankful for that.

I'm thankful that my dancer / psychology friend gave/lent me her book Wooden on Leadership. It's kinda crazy. Leadership of a team / organization also applies to just leading your life and steering the ship. I still remember stealing the mantra of steve. Things often go the way I plan because I steer the motherfucking ship.

I'm thankful that I have more media to consume than possible. Currently watching Arslan Senki. I'm thankful of all the improvements that I've made over time and through practice. I was practicing shuffle at the gym and I'm starting to hit the beats more and more.


