---
layout: post
title: "so clean"
date:  2016-03-16 21:20:25
categories: [weekly, thankful]
---
So I just paid $90 to have my apartment cleaned. It's kinda crazy. I guess it's the time of skill specialization. Cleaners make $45 an hour. And I'd totally pay that amount considering how clean my place it. It kinda blows my mind that I did this. Well... it doesn't. But it's not something that I would've imagined in the past I guess. $90 is a lot of ps3 games that I could've bought.

The other day I was talking with a coworker. She told me she'd really like to have a personal chef one day. And the idea just incepted into my mind. Now... I want a personal chef in the future. I wonder if in another 5 years I'll reach the level of having a personal chef. Or maybe paying a chef $90 a meal to cook me a meal or something. Who knows.

I'm thankful that I got to wfh today. It was a much needed recharge and I got to uh... clean my apartment. Or get my apartment cleaned. I have to interview someone tomorrow at 10am. Which means that I gotta wake up at like.. 8:30am. That'll be the earliest that I've woken up in like... the longest time. Blargh. But whatever. I should be thankful that I get to interview and meet potential future coworkers in advance. Maybe. So far I haven't met someone that impressed me yet though.

Yesterday I made a huge mistake. I took a nap at 10pm. Then I woke up at 12. And then couldn't sleep until 5am. Luckily today was a WFH recovery day. I ended up watching the GSL RO16 group selections. Too jokes. Taeja makes the group of death then gets swapped out. What a master troll.

This weekend is my final weekend of oncall before my dominican republic vacation. Oh. I picked up my drugs. Who knew that for malaria you would neeeeed to fridge the live bacteria or something. 

I think I really needed this reset day. I was trying really hard to deploy my code but then the vpn was down and I was like... fuck it. I'll just crush it tomorrow.

I think it's similar to what I said before with going full throttle vs taking it slow and steady. When you go full throttle... sometimes you gotta take a step back and recover. I feel that I'm sufficiently recovered now. But probably not at peak ability still.


