---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: E3 2014
date: '2014-06-14 10:12:37 -0700'
date_gmt: '2014-06-14 10:12:37 -0700'
categories: [daily, video games]
tags: [daily, video games]
---
<p>E3 2014 has wrapped up and I had a pretty good time I suppose. The thing that I liked better is that I was better prepared for the day because you basically want to skip lunch and go beast mode the whole day and then have a massive dinner afterwards. Because you can then time optimize for lining up for shit.</p>
<p>The luckiest thing that happened to me was getting to see the last showing of Batman on day 2. We got into the last showing and had to stand, but it was so awesome because there was zero wait time. I think the typical wait time for batman was 2 hours. And so, I got the batman t-shirt for zero wait time. The next batman game looks SICK. Like, DAMN. Graphics so good, gameplay so good. It's becoming more and more action based and less stealth - which is what I like.</p>
<p>The total cost for my E3 trip will probably be somewhere along the lines of $900. That's excluding my Toronto trip. All the products that I got from the trip was the physical t-shirts. I think I counted about 7 t-shirts that I got so I basically paid $100 for a E3 related t-shirt. If I look at it that way, it's a pretty stupid investment because for $900 I could've bought myself some real nice t-shirts, or way more than 10 t-shirts... and I could've used the E3 time to do other shit. It makes me question why I went to E3 and line up to get shirts. =&#47;</p>
<p>As a child, I've always dreamed about going to E3. Getting to go in 2013 was a dream come true, and it was pretty entertaining since I got to meet Ono and other people. This year, it feels like I went simply because I wanted to repeat tradition and satisfy my long lost childhood as opposed to being actually interested in the games. The Sims 4 trailer was really amazing. I think the Sims 4 will probably be the game I most want to play given what I saw.</p>
<p>Man, I wanted to get a battlefield t-shirt and to get one you had to give a testimonial. It's so fucking retarded, because they only let 2 &#47; 40 people give testimonials and the way they choose is whoever gets there first. Fucking bullshit. My friend Chris got there first and he was able to give a testimonial and when he asked for an extra shirt for me the people there were like fuck no. This just raises my hate for EA even more. EA people are not friendly and EA justifiably deserves the worse company award that it typically wins.</p>
<p>I think playing video games at this point in time not something that is high on my priority list sadly. I used to be so good at SSFIV being able to reaction uppercut stuff, and do sick combos. When I played the new iteration of Street Fighter IV at E3 this year... I got bodied. I only played two people. The first person was not that good, but he still beat me like 4x cause I kept dropping combos. I was on tilt because I was sucking shit so much. I guess you really lose your video game mojo once you stop playing =&#47;. The second guy was actually really good. I don't think I could beat him even in my prime. Same thing for smash brothers. I really want to spend my time playing video games, but I have so little time that other stuff always takes precedence.</p>
<p><strong>tl;dr - spent $900 for 9 t-shirts and I'm getting too old for video games. :(<&#47;strong></p>
