---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: DmC Mission 1 ~ 6
date: '2014-06-17 03:59:39 -0700'
date_gmt: '2014-06-17 03:59:39 -0700'
categories: [daily, video games]
tags: [daily, video games]
---
<p>Just played a solid 3 hours of Devil May Cry on the PS3. Shit, I forgot how much fun DMC was. That style. It took me awhile to get used to the control. I feel like the dodge mechanic on the shoulder button was a bit weird. I don't remember how the old dodges work though.</p>
<p>So far in missions 1~6 I only died once. And the one time I died, it was like.. literally the last wave of enemies to the finish line. It was two fatasses, and they killed me. Right after I killed them, I walked to the end of the mission.</p>
<p>I'm currently playing it on level 2 mode and not level 3. Maybe I should try playing it on level 3... I dunno. Right now I'm maximizing my enjoyment with all the stylish action. I guess the thing that annoys me now is the shoulder buttons for weapon switching, I should look into how to switch weapons permanently... I think that will help me achieve more style points.</p>
<p>Devil May Cry is such a fun series. The new version has a lot more platforming though, and the secret missions are more difficult to find I think. I'm not sure if you just simply have to reply them to get it, but I keep missing secret missions.</p>
<p>Story wise.. I guess it's interesting that they changed Dante from half devil half human to half devil half angel. The graphics are pretty good, and enemies are now passive when they are off-screen which you can exploit to your advantage.</p>
<p>Now, I'm gonna try and squeeze in a midnight 30 minute workout before showering.</p>
<p><strong>tl;dr - devil may cry is an awesomely stylish game<&#47;strong></p>
