---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: family
date: '2014-06-26 02:28:43 -0700'
date_gmt: '2014-06-26 02:28:43 -0700'
categories: [daily, mental, rants, family]
tags: [daily, mental, rants, family]
---
<p>I think that I've inherited the 'rush' factor because of growing up with my dad. He's always in a rush for some reason. and he gets pissed off whenever you're slow. I guess that's why I always travel in a rush when there's no reason to. I've been conditioned to always rush... bleh.</p>
<p>I just visited my grandparents to spend time with them. They really want to 'see' me. And yet, every time I go see them it's always the same thing. every. single. time. It drives me nuts. blargh. They want to see me and yet they don't even do anything different. I don't get it.</p>
<p>Every time I see them it's 'have you been eating', 'have you been sleeping'. 'are you exercising' etc etc. Sigh. My grandparents worry about so much unnecessary stuff, it's something that I've grown up with and it's messed up my thinking. They worry about anything that can possibly go wrong etc etc. Totally pointless to worry about shit that may or may not happen.</p>
<p>I don't need to worry about getting mugged until I am actually in the process of getting mugged. On the other hand, I'm not exactly going to walk alone in the tenderloin at 3am in the morning in a happy go lucky state. But, do I really need to be worry about getting mugged from the comfort of my own home? No... but it's what my grandparents do and what they continue to do all the time. bleh.</p>
<p><strong>tl;dr - no use worrying about shit until it happens<&#47;strong></p>
