---
layout: post
lang: "en"
title: "choices"
date:  2016-09-28 11:40:50
categories: [thoughts]
---
I recently turned 27. Shit. That's old. I'm the oldest I've ever been. >_<

Having too many choices is a drain on willpower. There's been articles made on this... which is why obama only has one type of suits or whatever. Once you reach a point where you have too many choices your brain just freezes.

I decided to take a year off to just meditate and work on apps and play some video games. It's been a decent reset so far. It's given me more time to think. What's crazy is that... there are so many things that I wanna do and so little time. WHen given two choices... the hack solution is to always choose both but then you can't compound the both over and over again. Say... you can choose to both work out and work on side projects. That takes say 5 hours a day... you can't compound that and hack in more shit. At some point you hit the physical limit and you are back to square one where you gotta make a choice.

Do I wanna read a book, play video games, work out, or go out? I still really want to work in NYC. I want to experience the NYC life. But then if I spend 1.5 year in NYC... that means I'll be 1.5 years closer to 30 and I'll lose access to a bunch of working holiday opportunities.

You can't read all the books or watch all the tv shows. My gaming backlog just keeps getting bigger and bigger. Blargh. Maybe less choice is actually better? When I visited the dominican republic the guy who taught me surfing was 23 and he had 4 kids or something. His life is basically set. Teach surfing forever... maybe I should just learn surfing and teach surfing forever. Nah. I don't think that would make me... entertained.

Compound that with the fact that you only have limited time to do things. The pressure to make choices is so hard. I was watching the kespa cup recently. It's so good to be on korea time. Japan time and korea time are the same... and I finally get to watch starcraft at the normal time. 6pm :D

Zest was talking about how you only have a small window to be a programer. After all... the progaming career only lasts from 15~30. Nestea was the oldest successful progamer. Well. Sako is probably a countrarian proof but still... most programers don't get to play much once past 35. Wow. Google is so smart. I just typed age daigo. He's 35! Alex Valle is 37, Justin Wong is 30 and GamerBee is 37. 

Sometimes I wish I was religious. I can see why religion is so popular and has survived through the ages. With religion... you don't have to live with an existential crisis. Religion can act as your anchor to sanity. I'd rather embrace insanity and chaos though. Afterall I'm a believe in entropy and the chaos theory. Everything is just random particlces interacting... so just embrace the random and enjoy it.

The thing is that what you read and your action and beliefs change you. That's a given though. It's like... the butterfly effect or whatever. You walk towards a goalpost... and when you get there it's like. Hmmm. This is what I wanted. I think the solution is to just have... closer and smaller goal posts.

I definitely think SF has somewhat warped my reality. I mean... SF is definitely a bubble. When you leave that bubble... you gotta reset your model of the world. That's just hard to do. I miss the grocery deliveries, the uber, the taxi. Everything being cheap on amazon. Well. I guess you can just accept reality instead of applying wishful thinking.


