---
layout: post
title: "Black Friday 2015"
date:  2015-11-27 01:25:16
categories: [stuff, things, toys]
---
Hmmm. So it's officially Black Friday 2015. I've been looking forward to today for like... the longest time. It's the time that I get to buy all the shiny toys that I've wanted. I actually just finished meditating. The reason is... I've accumulated so much stuff in my short stay in the States. I've been living in San Francisco for 3 years now... soon to be my 4th year. And at this point I own so much crap. As soon as it was Friday... I started refreshing slickdeals obcessively. It's probably bad for me. And the thing is... I noticed the Sennheiser 598s for sale. It's the special amazon edition that's black that I don't own. But I got the Sennheiser 598s last year for $99. I currently own 2(TWO!) pairs of Sennheiser 598s. One pair for home and one pair for work. And I still really really want to buy the Sennheiser 598s black. Just because they look different. The thing is... I'm also planning on buying the Sennheiser 650s. It's just that... the deal seems so good. The quality of 598s for $99 is such a steal. Even though... I already own 2. And I have about 6 headphones. And I'm planning on getting the Sennheiser HD 650s this year. Blargh. I dunno why. I think that's why I meditated. I'm still really tempted to get it.

I still want to get a pair. Even though the savings of $60 is like nothing to me. I mean... I spend more than $60 on what I consider random shit. Yet... for some reason - I think it's like borderline addiction. It's almost a shopping addiction at this point. The thing is... if I have a shopping addiction... I feel so bad for the regular people. I guess... that's what compels people to actually leave their homes and line up in the cold for black friday sales. I think writing about it... made me want to buy the headphones less. I told myself that if I still wanted to buy the headphones after meditation and writing this blog post that I could just buy it. I think the monetary cost is secondary to me just having garbage at my place.

I've also been wanting to get a new laptop even though my current one is fully functional. My laptop is a sandy bridge i3 with 16gb of rams. It dual boots El Capitan and KaOS. So it has both linux and mac running perfectly on it. And... I don't need anything that requires more horsepower. I just want a new laptop for no reason. I'm sitting in my house... surrounded by 2 laptops, 1 desktop, 3 monitors and a TV. Visitors just look at my setup and go whoa. 6 monitors. I mean... I have so much stuff.. and yet I still want more crap for some reason. I guess it's suffice to say that I've been americanized.

Now... I guess I'll write about some of the stuff I'll plan on buying. So the aforementioned Sennheiser HD 598s are a steal. So if they are still in stock I"ll probably pick up a pair as a gift for my dad. I also saw the Nexus 6 for $199 and the Xperia M4 aqua for $199. Both devices were on my list of potential phones and I kind of want to buy the M4 aqua just because it's so cheap now. Even though I have a mostly functional phone. I'm planning on buying the Sennheiser HD 650 and an amp to pair it with. Also a new tablet that's capable of running cyanogenmod. I don't really have a tablet preference. I also wanted to get the ipad mini 4. But... ipads *still* don't make sense to me. The hardware is so overpriced... I don't think I'll end up getting one this year still.

Aside from the tablet and headphones. I was thinking of buying a new laptop. But I think I'll wait till next summer. Since I don't really need it and next summer is when skylake successor comes out. The chase freedom has a 10% bonus rebate. And I'm gonna just buy $1200 worth of amazon gift cards in order to take advantage of the bonus. There's also the chase sapphire preferred 50k that I'll be signing up for. That way I'll have 70k points for flights for next year. I guess... even though I currently have more points than I know what to do with. =|

***tl;dr - I have so much stuff. And yet I just want to buy more crap. I've been looking forward to black friday for the longest time. And now that it's here... it's like meh***
