---
layout: post
title: "ufc 200 thoughts"
date:  2016-07-06 01:47:52
categories: [random, ufc, daily, sc2]
---
It's 1:48am. And I can't sleep so it's time foc some ufc 200 and maybe gsl predictions.

daniel cormier vs jon jones. head says jon jones. heart says / wants daniel cormier. jon jones is just... untouchable. it's really hard to bet against the guy who is undefeated against essentially the murders row of light heavyweight contenders. the guys that jon beat decisively... they would and could easily be the champion if jones wasn't in existance. if it wasn't for jon jones... i see the ufc light heavyweight belt being the same as the heavyweight belt... being passed like a hot potatoe. on the other hand... i really want daniel cormier to win. it's like... jon jones did coke the entire time he was the champ.. he basically slacked off while being the goat. while everyone else worked super hard. and i guess i want hard work to be rewarded... not that jones doesn't work hard. but how hard can you work when you're doing coke all the time? and besides... cormier is the underdog at 38 years old... and everyone likes the underdog. or at least i like the underdog... since society has conditioned me to root for the underdog in the heroes' journey. sadly i think jon will prove that he's untouchable and most likely finish cormier. i want but i don't believe. jon jones via finish. 

brock lesnar vs mark hunt. omg. it's like... what i said when at the top levels... it's just a battle of whose reality is stronger and becomes the actual reality. lesner wants the takedown which will lead to the finish / beatdown / submission victory. hunt... he'll go for the knockout walkoff punch that he's essentially patented. i think hunt takes this because the fight starts standing. he's a badass striker. and he's still in the game... lesnar while a freak of nature... and hasn't rested... is coming back from essentially a 5 year vacation. i find it hard to believe that he'll be better than him at his prime... and even him at his prime... the one that smashed carwin / randy couture... i think old man hunt is probably better than both of them. in terms of dishing out the hurt and taking hits. hunt via ko.

miesha tate vs nunes. i have no detail info on either aside from the promo video. miesha does have the championship mentality that few fighters have. in the 5th round she went with the go big or go home takedown that lead to her victory. so many other fighters wouldn't have risked getting knocked out for the winning takedown... i also wonder why fighters don't want to win and risk getting knocked out... and they chose to lose a decision instead. i think i know... it's the fear of a huge loss. over a small loss. even though the huge loss is weighed by the chance of victory. the risk/reward isn't worth it. but to be a champion... you gotta play to win. they both lost to a common opponent in the same way... so all i can conclude is that they both have relative weak striking to shared opponent. /shrug. gonna go with the champ because that's the standard after seeing the all out knock me out but i'm gonna take you down submission victory. the champ via submission.

jose aldo vs frankie edgar. shit. this one is hard. i want both of them to win. i want jose to win so he can get revenge against mcgregor. i want edgar to win so he can become another dual champion and since he's usually been the underdog in most of his fights. head says aldo and heart says frankie. aldo... he was untouchable. and honestly, i still think he's in the untouchable tier. the knockout.. it wasn't a fluke because one does not simply knock out jose aldo via a fluke. but i do think it was mind games plus a statistical anomaly. frankie is the clear number 2 and he only barely lost to aldo. frankie beat a prime bj penn though... and in my mind prime bj penn > aldo > everyone else. blargh. hard to say. i don't actually remember frankie ever being finished. wow. i looked at his record. never been finished. hmmmmm. guess this is now really hard to call. i'd pick both of them over mcgregor though. i'm gonna go with aldo. i think he's actually had slightly less wear and tear plus the guy was a mini anderson silva... so aldo via ko/tko.

cain vs browne. browne did the eyepoke in his last victory. cain is championship quality. gonnna go with cain... via a brutal ground and pound tko.

i want mousasi to win. and to get back to the top... at one point he was mentioned as the one to bring down anderson silva. the guy has such good striking too. i wanna see him become top tier again.

alright.. oh yeah. rda vs the guy who beat pettis using rda's gameplan. uh... what's his name. alvarez. the guy that beat shinya aoki. hmmm. i'm gonna go with rda... because rda just looks unstoppable. he beat pettis much more convincingly and he smashed cerrone. it was like... hulk smash. and cerrone is killing it in lw and even ww. 

oh yeah... sc2 predictions for the gsl group. i do think zest will advance. however... i think mc will advance first. because he has... the championship mentality yo. the killer instinct. i think the boss toss is back. he'll upset zest and then take first. and zest will hulk smash through the losers and win 2nd place.

mc > zest
mc > whoever
zest > both

mc and zest to advance. even though that's statistically unlikely. i believe in the boss toss and also... the tl writers curse. they predicted mc to get murked... so i'm gonna predict that mc makes it out first
